Add GSoC 2022 blog post (#1354)
scala/scala-lang: _posts/2022-03-24-gsoc2022.md

---
category: blog-detail
post-type: blog
by: Valérie Pedroni, Scala Center
title: "2022 Scala GSoC Applications Open!"
---

We are delighted to share that the Scala Center has been accepted as a mentor organization for Google Summer of Code 2022!

If you’d like to participate please check out all the proposed projects and get in touch with mentors: https://github.com/scalacenter/GoogleSummerOfCode2022

Discuss project ideas with our mentors and submit your draft proposals up until April 19th.

Scala has been taking part in Google Summer of Code since 2010 with more than 65 projects and students over the years. This year again we commit to providing an awesome experience going forward.

For this year's edition we have gathered more than 5 mentors and even more project ideas for you to work on!

> One of Scala Center’s most important goals is to encourage diversity and inclusion proactively reach out to underrepresented groups in tech. Google Summer of Code is the perfect opportunity for us to get in touch and engage students around the world and encourage the creation of  a new, more diverse generation of contributors to Scala and its ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of Scala Center’s most important goals is to encourage diversity and inclusion by proactively reaching out to underrepresented groups in tech. Google Summer of Code is the perfect opportunity for us to get in touch and engage students around the world and encourage the creation of a new, more diverse generation of contributors to Scala and its ecosystem.
```
